Staging fixes (#44)
swrlab/ard-eventhub: docs/QUICKSTART.md

# ARD-Eventhub / Quickstart

This guide will help you get started with ARD-Eventhub.  

> No matter if you are a Publisher or Subscriber, you will need a user account to interact with the API. Request one through your contacts at SWR Audio Lab or ARD Online. Admins can reference the Users docs for account registrations.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No matter if you are a Publisher or Subscriber, you will need an user account to interact with the API. Request one through your contacts at SWR Audio Lab or ARD Online. Admins can reference the Users docs for account registrations.  
```

Author: > **"An" goes before all words that begin with vowels:**
> an apricot
> an egg
> an Indian
> an orbit
> an uprising
> **with two exceptions: When u makes the same sound as the y in you, or o makes the same sound as w in won, then a is used.**
> a union
> a united front
> a unicorn
> a used napkin
> a U.S. ship
https://amerenglish-grammar-2.webs.com/articles.htm
> a one-legged man

Reviewer: nice learning - this is probably why it sounded strange to me

Once this has been set up, check the Authentication docs to learn more about the login and token exchange process.

## Publishers

If you are a radio station that wants to start publishing events to ARD-Eventhub, follow these easy steps:  

- Set up your account and understand the authentication process
- Use the POST `/events/{eventName}` endpoint to add your events

>   - Note: Even if GET `/topics` does not list your radio station(s) beforehand, the topic(s) will be created during your first published event

Reviewer: maybe give an example response???
```suggestion
  - Note: Even if GET `/topics` does not list your radio station(s) beforehand, the topic(s) will be created during your first published event (response will contain: `"topics": {"de.ard.eventhub.publisher.dev.{serviceId}": "TOPIC_CREATED"}`)
```

It is recommended to use the Eventhub `test` system first, to make sure everything works. Then bring it to production on `prod`. The host names are listed in the Stages document.

Security Note: Every user account has a list of permitted `serviceIds` that they can publish to. If you are receiving an error, the Id could be misspelled, or the user account was wrongly configured by an admin.  

## Subscribers

> If you plan to receive events published by other stations, add yourself as one of their subscribers and receive real-time POST webhooks for all published events. Those can then be used to improve your products such as websites and apps during rebroadcasts in the nightly tracks.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to receive events published by other stations, add yourself as one of their subscribers and receive real-time POST webhooks for all published events. Those can then be used to improve your products such as websites and apps during re-broadcasts in the nightly tracks.  
```

Please be aware that the type of events published to this service may be extended in the future. Make sure to filter them appropriately. The data format should and will always be backwards-compatible, but new fields may be added to this service as needed.  

> In case of nightly rebroadcasts you should create a permanent subscription and keep this one running 24/7. The filter based on the program schedule should be done on your side. Pub/Sub should not be used to create and delete subscriptions once the rebroadcast starts and ends.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of nightly re-broadcasts you should create a permanent subscription and keep this one running 24/7. The filter based on the program schedule should be done on your side. Pub/Sub should not be used to create and delete subscriptions once the re-broadcast starts and ends.  
```
